Hosted launch: Worker queues and executor updates (#2307)
astronomer/docs: astro/executors.md

The Celery executor is a good option for most use cases. Specifically, the Celery executor is a good fit for your Deployment if:

- You're just getting started with Airflow.

> - You want to use multiple worker queues. This allows you to use multiple worker types for different types of tasks and optimize for task performance. See [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

Reviewer: may be start with the problem statement first, because a user coming from OSS airflow is not familiar with Worker Queues - "You want to use different worker types based on the type of workload to optimize your task performance. It allows you to create worker queues with different worker types and assign specific tasks in your DAG to use them."

- The type and size of your workers.
- The minimum and maximum number of workers that your Deployment can run at a time.
- The number of tasks that each worker can run at a time.

> - The resources used by the [KubernetesPodOperator](kubernetespodoperator.md).

Reviewer: I am confused why this is here, this is not an Executor configuration but an Operator configuration.

You can set these configurations per worker queue, which is a set of configurations that apply to a group of workers in your Deployment. With the celery executor, you can configure multiple worker queues for different types of tasks and assign tasks to those queues in your DAG code.

> This topic discusses basic Celery executor configurations for a single worker queue. For instructions on how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following section discusses basic Celery executor configurations for a single worker queue. For instructions on how to configure multiple worker queues, see [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).
```

### Kubernetes worker autoscaling logic

> By default, each task on Astro runs in a dedicated Kubernetes Pod with 1 CPU and 256Mi of memory. These Pods run on a worker node in your Astro Deployment. If a worker node can't run any more Pods, Astro automatically provisions a new worker node to begin running any queued tasks in new Pods.

Reviewer 3: hmm, this plays into the updated KPO/KE settings for which there is now a PR: https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/13352

This part: `These Pods run on a worker node in your Astro Deployment. If a worker node can't run any more Pods, Astro automatically provisions a new worker node to begin running any queued tasks in new Pods.` is not really relevant on Hosted and could be removed.

On Astro, you can configure Kubernetes executor in the following ways:

- Change the resource usage for the default Pods on which your tasks run.
- Customize individual Pods for tasks, including CPU and memory requests, using a `pod_override` configuration. 

### Set defaults and limits for Kubernetes executor Pods in the Cloud UI

You can configure the maximum resources that any Kubernetes executor Pod uses from the Cloud UI. Tasks that make requests above your resource quotas or **Max Pod Size** will fail.

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Deployment.
2. Click **Resource quotas**.
3. Configure the following values:

    - **CPU quota**: The maximum amount of CPU for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 
    - **Memory Quota**: The maximum amount of memory for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 

Your CPU quota and memory quota determine your **Max Pod Size**, which is the maximum amount of resources that a task can request for its Pod. If the CPU and memory quotas you specify exceed exceed the limits of Astro's infrastructure, your **Max Pod Size** is instead determined by the size of the Astro-hosted infrastructure running your tasks.

> :::info Alternative setup on Astro Hybrid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info 

**Alternative setup on Astro Hybrid**
```

> :::info Alternative setup on Astro Hybrid

Author: ```suggestion
:::info Alternative Astro Hybrid setup
```

On Astro, you can configure Kubernetes executor in the following ways:

> - Change the resource usage for the default Pods on which your tasks run.

Reviewer: since only this is available via Cloud UI, should we explicitly say "using Cloud UI"?

Author: I think "On Astro" before this covers that. Also, you should be able to do this with the Astro CLI soon

- Customize individual Pods for tasks, including CPU and memory requests, using a `pod_override` configuration. 

### Set defaults and limits for Kubernetes executor Pods in the Cloud UI

> You can configure the minimum and maximum resources that any Kubernetes executor Pod uses from the Cloud UI. Tasks that make requests above your resource quotas or **Max Pod Size** will fail.

Reviewer: as per the UI, we can only configure maximum
```suggestion
You can configure the maximum resources that any Kubernetes executor Pod uses from the Cloud UI. Tasks that make requests above your resource quotas or **Max Pod Size** will fail.
```

1. In the Cloud UI, select a Deployment.
2. Click **Resource quotas**.
3. Configure the following values:

    - **CPU quota**: The maximum amount of CPU for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 
    - **Memory Quota**: The maximum amount of memory for all currently running Pods on your Deployment. 

>     - **Default CPU**: The amount of CPU that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.
>     - **Default Memory**: The amount of memory that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Default CPU**: The amount of CPU that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.
    - **Default Memory**: The amount of memory that a task Pod uses if it has no configured requests.
```
This is just for viewing, no changes are allowed. they can only changed via `pod_override` in the DAG code

Reviewer: <img width="984" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-22 at 10 15 16 PM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/75730393/eb0e826c-2f86-4946-9416-06530faca8aa">

> Your CPU quota and memory quota determine your **Max Pod Size**, which is the maximum amount of resources that a task can request for its Pod. If your CPU and memory quota exceed a certain limit, your **Max Pod Size** is determined by the size of the Astro-hosted infrastructure running your tasks.

Reviewer: this is not clear. What do we mean by certain limit? for example, if I set the cPU and memory max quota from cloud ui, and if that limit is reached , then the max limit is decided by my infrastructure? If yes, then what is the use of Max Pod Size ? Or we are trying to say if the Max Pod Size requested is more than the infrastructure, then the actual limits are dictated by infrastructure available ?

Author: >  Or we are trying to say if the Max Pod Size requested is more than the infrastructure, then the actual limits are dictated by infrastructure available ?

This! Tried to make this clear in my edit. Good call out

:::info Alternative setup on Astro Hybrid

> On Astro Hybrid, Pods run on a worker node in your Astro cluster. If a worker node can't run any more Pods, Astro automatically provisions a new worker node to begin running any queued tasks in new Pods. To give your tasks more or less resources, change the worker type in the task's worker queue and then change your resource requests using a `pod_override` configuration. See [(Hybrid clusters only) Change the Kubernetes executor's worker node type](#hybrid-clusters-only-change-the-kubernetes-executors-worker-node-type).

Reviewer: so this means that Kubernetes Executor on Hosted does not auto-scale ?

Author: I think so, as there are no workers to autoscale on Hosted. It just launches new Pods in your cluster without worker limitations.

#### Example: Set CPU or memory limits and requests

> One of the most common use cases for customizing a Kubernetes worker Pod is to request a specific amount of resources for a task. When requesting resources, make sure that your requests don't exceed the resource limits in your [default Pod](#configure-the-default-kubernetes-pod).

Reviewer 2: **One of the most common use cases...** - I can see how this is direct, but it feels a little awkward a wording.

> One of the most common use cases for customizing a Kubernetes worker Pod is to request a specific amount of resources for a task. When requesting resources, make sure that your requests don't exceed the resource limits in your [default Pod](#configure-the-default-kubernetes-pod).

Author: ```suggestion
You can request a specific amount of resources Kubernetes worker Pod so that a task always has enough resources to run successfully. When requesting resources, make sure that your requests don't exceed the resource limits in your [default Pod](#configure-the-default-kubernetes-pod).
```

    resource_requirements_override_example()
```

> When this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 0.5m of CPU and 1024Mi of memory as long as that infrastructure is available in your Deployment. Once the task finishes, the Pod terminates gracefully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When this DAG runs, it launches a Kubernetes Pod with exactly 0.5m of CPU and 1024Mi of memory, as long as that infrastructure is available in your Deployment. After the task finishes, the Pod terminates gracefully.
```

### Change the worker node type

> A Deployment using the Kubernetes executor runs worker Pods on a single `default` worker queue. You can change the type of worker that this queue uses from the Cloud UI.

Reviewer 3: This will be different in Hosted. You'll just set the quota for your KE pods, they won't be related to a worker type. 
![image](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/997809/85903087-d16c-446f-b7d5-f8664b56f77f)

    )
```

### (Hybrid clusters only) Change the Kubernetes executor's worker node type

:::info

> This topic applies only to Astro Hybrid users. To see whether you're an Astro Hybrid user, open your Organization in the Cloud UI and go to **Settings** > **General**. Your version of Astro is listed under **Product Type**.

Reviewer: may be "version of Astro" is not the right term here. "Your Astro product type is listed under **Product Type**"

:::

> A Hybrid Deployment using the Kubernetes executor runs worker Pods on a single `default` worker queue. You can change the type of worker that this queue uses from the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: I don't think we should confuse the user by saying "Hybrid Deployment" - Deployment is a Deployment and it can run on Astro Hybrid or Astro Hosted. So may be rephrase like , "A Deployment running on Astro Hybrid with Kubernetes Executor ..."
